---
layout: archive
collection: homework
title: "Homework 5.5 - Reevaluating the exam - Due Friday, October 25 at 4:30pm"
permalink: /homework/hw5.5/
author_profile: true
---
[Link to Slack team -- a great place to ask questions](https://ph410f19.slack.com)

## 1. Reevaluating the exam

An examination is one measure of your understanding at a given moment in time. It is often a stressful and high stakes situation, which means that folks tend to perform differently depending on how this situation affects them. My goal is not for you to merely to *perform* physics (i.e., just get the right answer), but to become reflective of your learning of physics (and of learning in general). To that end, I would like to invite you to re-solve the problems for which you were penalized on first exam. A blank version of the exam is posted on Slack.

In addition to solving the problems again, I would like you to write a short summary of what you felt like you did incorrectly at the time of the exam for each problem (i.e., what you think you got wrong and why) and how your solution resolves this problem (i.e., what approach you needed to take to solve the problem correctly). What I'm asking is that you *reflect* on your exam solutions and what understanding you needed to draw on to solve the problems.

You are welcome to work on the problems together, but your reflection should be your own and individualized. It is through this kind of thinking about our own learning that we become expert learners. 

**Completing this exercise will not count towards your homework, but will instead reward you with earning 40% of the lost credit back on your exam. To receive the additional credit, you must write a new, polished, perfect solution of any problem for which you were penalized as well as written reflective comments as described above.**
