---
layout: archive
collection: homework
title: "Homework 10 - Due Tuesday, November 26 at 4:30pm"
permalink: /homework/hw10/
author_profile: true
---
[Link to Slack team -- a great place to ask questions](https://ph410f19.slack.com)

## 1. Bound Currents
Consider a long magnetic rod of radius $a$.  Imagine that we can set up a permanent azimuthal magnetization $\mathbf{M}(s,\phi,z) = cs\hat{\phi}$, with $c$=constant and with $s$ being the usual cylindrical radial coordinate.  Neglect end effects, assume the cylinder is infinitely long. Calculate the bound currents $K_b$ and $J_b$ (on the surface and interior of the rod respectively).  What are the units of $c$? Use these bound currents to find the magnetic field $B$ and also the $H$ field, both inside and outside. (Don't forget both direction and magnitude.) (Giant hints to make this problem super easy since it's almost Thanksgiving break: First use the definitions of $K_b$ and $J_b$. Then use Ampere's Law. Then use the definition of H. You're welcome.)

## 2. B and H in a Cavity
1. Find B and H at the center of a hollow spherical cavity carved out of a large chunk of uniform, linear, magnetic material (susceptibility $\chi_m$) which had (**before** you carved the hole) a total uniform field $\mathbf{B} = B_0\hat{z}$  through its volume.  This material will be magnetized, and (**before** the cavity is carved) will have a uniform $\mathbf{H}_0=(1/\mu_0)B_0\hat{z}-M_0\hat{z}$. Express your final answers  in terms of $B_0$ and $\chi_m$ only!
2. For a paramagnetic material, how does B in the hole compare with $B_0$? Comment on this result. Does it suggest a way of *partially* "shielding" a region from magnetic fields?

Hint: Think of the problem as the superposition of a large totally uniform magnetized system with a sphere of uniform but opposite magnetization. Griffiths works out an example problem with such a sphere – you may use that result without rederiving it.

